Hi, everyone.
In this next year, we will go over the XHTML and see assess for this project.
All right, so in this e-mail, we have a div with a class of rapper that is going to wrap around an
entire game and then we have three main children for that.
One is going to be the one that says tic tac toe.
And this text is actually the text that is going to change based on the player.
Then we have our board exactly inside the board.
We have nine diffs with the shared class of box and within with a different ID for each of them, starting
at zero because this is going to be converted into an array.
So we want the IDs to act as though their array indices.
And finally, we have our button that's going to restart everything.
We have our basic reset.
All right.
And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to add box sizing to border box.
We have our Fons family and background color.
You can't change any of the styling that you want.
Right.
But make sure that you do not, like, mess up the the structure of the game.
So we have our each one, which are four, which we have these styles.
Now, this is going to be the rapper.
The rapper has a height of hundred VH, which means it is going to grab all the height of the AFAS viewport
or the Web page.
And we have a display flex just to center everything padding of fifty.
And of course the flex struction is called because flex by default is going to align all the items side
by side.
And before actually showing you that, let's go ahead and open into a live server.
We don't have a board.
The reason that we don't have it is because we are going to generate a dynamically using G.S..
All right.
So if you were to consider comment about this one, then you can see that all the items are side by
side.
That's because of the default layout direction of the flex.
It's horizontal.
If you set it to column is going to be vertical.
We have our board, which is going to have a maximum with a 460.
And this is where our board is going to be.
This is our board.
That's why I commented of the blue color.
And we have Highton width for now for each of the this is going to be this is the boxes within the board.
Now, each of the boxes, they are going to have a height and and width of 150.
So they are actually squares, we have our display again just to center the text within the box, vertically
and horizontally, the font size is one 20.
Then we have some basic styling for the button and hover effect.
So if you hover on it, you can see that it changes background, color and color.
And I think that is going to be it for the human cost of this project.
Let's dive into the G.S..